# client-server-api-challenge-go
 This is a challenge from GoExpert course.

---
## Challenge statement
 
You will need to give us two systems in Go:
- client.go
- server.go
 
The requirements to fulfill this challenge are:
 
Client.go must make an HTTP request to server.go requesting the dollar quote.
 
The server.go must consume the API containing the Dollar and Real exchange rate at the address: https://economia.awesomeapi.com.br/json/last/USD-BRL and then return the result to the client in JSON format .
 
Using the "context" package, server.go must register each quote received in the SQLite database, with the maximum timeout to call the dollar quote API being 200ms and the maximum timeout to be able to persist the data in the database should be 10ms.
 
Client.go will only need to receive the current exchange rate value from server.go ("bid" field in the JSON). Using the "context" package, client.go will have a maximum timeout of 300ms to receive the result from server.go.
 
The 3 contexts should return an error in the logs if the execution time is insufficient.
 
Client.go will have to save the current quote in a "cotacao.txt" file in the format: Dólar: {value}
 
The necessary endpoint generated by server.go for this challenge will be: /cotacao and the port to be used by the HTTP server will be 8080.

## How to run?

### Server
Open the terminal in the "server/" directory and run the command ```go mod tidy```, then run the command ```go run main.go``` to execute it.

### Client
Open the terminal in the "client/" directory and run the command ```go run main.go``` to execute it.